# MSIS-2631-Machine-Learning-Project
People are companies’ most important assets. The rise of technology and the information age has resulted in more companies that compete based primarily on their people. The Fortune article on 'What Employers Will Worry About in 2017' states that: "The biggest priority, and concern, for business leaders in 2017 will be retaining employees in a competitive talent marketplace. In a new study by Future Workplace and Kronos, it was found that 87% of employers said that improving retention is a critical priority for their organization. In addition, the U.S. unemployment rate has been reduced to 4.6% and employee salaries are projected to grow by 3% in 2017, according to WorldatWork". As the economy continues to improve and employees have more job options, companies will have to provide additional compensation, expand benefits, and improve their employee experience. It is important to retain valuable employees as there are multiple costs associated with new hires which include onboarding, training, employee engagement, employee management etc. before companies get returns from an employee

So, if companies are able to predict attrition and identify factors that lead to attrition, they can implement management models that could attempt to solve these issues. In this project we use the dataset of a well known technology company, IBM which employes hundreds of thousands of employees across the globe. We investigate to see what factors lead to employees leaving IBM and how can it improve this situation. Other companies can use similar approach in identifying issues within and outside the company that costs them their valuable employees
